When in doubt, play chess
Michael Tevis

I threw my phone off the Brooklyn Bridge. Chess demands total concentration
Chess hustler [FIND THE NAME OF THIS GUY ONLINE]

I am smarter than you. Do you know why? Because you came to me with your problem.
Unknown chess hustler, Washington Square Park, when I approached him

Pawns are the soul of chess.
François-André Philidor

The winner of the game is the person who makes the next-to-last mistake.
Savielly Tartakower

The mistakes are all there waiting to be made
Savielly Tartakower

Modern chess theory is too obsessed with things like pawn structure. Forget it, checkmate ends the game.
Nigel Short

All chess players should have a hobby.
Savielly Tartakower

I'd rather have a pawn than a finder.
Rueben Fine

No price is too great for the scalp of the enemy King.
Alexander Koblencs

You've lost, you just don't know it yet.
Josh Waitzkin

The threat is stronger than the execution.
Aron Nimzowitsch

I found that I was frequently underestimating the bishop pair as a long-term asset.
Sam Shankland

Even the laziest King flees wildly in the face of a double check!
Aron Nimzowitsch

A win by an unsound combination, however showy, fills me with artistic horror.
Wilhelm Steinitz

One doesn't have to play well, it's enough to play better than your opponent.
Siegbert Tarrasch

Let the chessboard supercede the card table, and a great improvement will be visible in the morals of the community.
Paul Morphy

You must take your opponent into a deep dark forest where 2+2=5, and the path leading out is only wide enough for one.
Mikhail Tal

It is to Petrosian's advantage that his opponents never know when he is suddenly going to play like Mikhail Tal.
Boris Spassky

Tactics is knowing what to do when there is something to do. Strategy is knowing what to do when there is nothing to do.
Savielly Tartakower

The move is there, but you must see it.
Savielly Tartakower

That which has reached us from the discoveries of their clear thinking and the marvels of their inventions is the (game) of chess. The Indians have, in the construction of its cells, its double numbers, its symbols and secrets, reached the forefront of knowledge. 
Said al-Andalusi

It is eminently and emphatically the philosopher's game.
Paul Morphy

My life was in crisis. All my values were becoming meaningless. I was discovering that my chosen profession was empty, foolish, as useless as—as playing chess. 
Robert Silverberg

Shall we play Bezique? Or Nightjack? I’ve cards, or chess if you prefer, but I’ve always found chess to be a bit too much like real life to provide much enjoyment as a game. 
Catherynne Valente

The checkmate is the "knockout" of chess.
Bobby Fischer

Chess games are being played everywhere -- on benches and tables in the park, at Chess clubs, YMCAs, high schools, colleges, army posts, prisons. Even by mail. You shouldn't have any trouble getting a game.
Bobby Fischer

A good player is always lucky.
Jose Capablanca

It doesn’t matter how strong a player you are, if you fail to register some development in the opening, then you are asking for trouble.
John Emms

For in the idea of chess and the development of the chess mind we have a picture of the intellectual struggle of mankind.
Richard Réti

In chess, as a purely intellectual game, where randomness is excluded, - for someone to play against himself is absurd ... It is as paradoxical, as attempting to jump over his own shadow.
Stephan Zweig


